com/recipe/app/src/recipeKeyword/models/GetRecipesBestKeywordRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeKeyword.models.GetRecipesBestKeywordRes
com/recipe/app/src/recipeProcess/RecipeProcessProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeProcess.RecipeProcessProvider
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/FridgeBasketProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.FridgeBasketProvider
com/recipe/app/src/ingredientCategory/IngredientCategoryController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredientCategory.IngredientCategoryController
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/ReceiptRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.ReceiptRepository
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipe/models/PostMyRecipeRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipe.models.PostMyRecipeRes
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/PatchFcmTokenReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.PatchFcmTokenReq
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/Fridges.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.Fridges
com/recipe/app/config/BaseException.java
 com.recipe.app.config.BaseException
com/recipe/app/src/scrapYoutube/models/ScrapYoutubeList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapYoutube.models.ScrapYoutubeList
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipePhoto/UserRecipePhotoProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipePhoto.UserRecipePhotoProvider
com/recipe/app/src/viewYoutube/ViewYoutubeRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewYoutube.ViewYoutubeRepository
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/models/Receipt.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.models.Receipt
com/recipe/app/src/recipeKeyword/RecipeKeywordService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeKeyword.RecipeKeywordService
com/recipe/app/src/scrapPublic/models/PostScrapPublicRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapPublic.models.PostScrapPublicRes
com/recipe/app/src/ingredient/IngredientRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredient.IngredientRepository
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/models/GetBuyList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.models.GetBuyList
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/models/PostReceiptIngredientRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.models.PostReceiptIngredientRes
com/recipe/app/src/scrapYoutube/ScrapYoutubeService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapYoutube.ScrapYoutubeService
com/recipe/app/src/user/UserService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.user.UserService
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipePhoto/UserRecipePhotoService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipePhoto.UserRecipePhotoService
com/recipe/app/src/recipeInfo/models/GetRecipeInfosRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.models.GetRecipeInfosRes
com/recipe/app/src/ingredient/models/Ingredients.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredient.models.Ingredients
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/models/PatchReceiptReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.models.PatchReceiptReq
com/recipe/app/src/scrapPublic/ScrapPublicProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapPublic.ScrapPublicProvider
com/recipe/app/src/recipeProcess/models/RecipeProcess.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeProcess.models.RecipeProcess
com/recipe/app/src/scrapBlog/ScrapBlogRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapBlog.ScrapBlogRepository
com/recipe/app/src/recipeKeyword/RecipeKeywordController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeKeyword.RecipeKeywordController
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/FridgeBasketList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.FridgeBasketList
com/recipe/app/src/recipeKeyword/RecipeKeywordRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeKeyword.RecipeKeywordRepository
com/recipe/app/src/recipeIngredient/RecipeIngredientRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeIngredient.RecipeIngredientRepository
com/recipe/app/src/viewYoutube/ViewYoutubeController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewYoutube.ViewYoutubeController
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipe/models/PatchMyRecipeReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipe.models.PatchMyRecipeReq
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/PatchFridgeList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.PatchFridgeList
com/recipe/app/src/recipeInfo/models/RecipeIngredientList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.models.RecipeIngredientList
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/models/IngredientList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.models.IngredientList
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/models/DeleteBuyList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.models.DeleteBuyList
com/recipe/app/src/recipeInfo/RecipeInfoProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.RecipeInfoProvider
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.RecipeInfoProvider$1
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.RecipeInfoProvider$2
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/models/PostReceiptIngredientReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.models.PostReceiptIngredientReq
com/recipe/app/src/recipeInfo/models/RecipeInfo.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.models.RecipeInfo
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/ReceiptController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.ReceiptController
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/models/GetFridgesBasketRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.models.GetFridgesBasketRes
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/models/PostFridgesDirectBasketRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.models.PostFridgesDirectBasketRes
com/recipe/app/src/scrapBlog/models/PostScrapBlogReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapBlog.models.PostScrapBlogReq
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/ReceiptProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.ReceiptProvider
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipePhoto/UserRecipePhotoRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipePhoto.UserRecipePhotoRepository
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/models/PatchFridgesBasketReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.models.PatchFridgesBasketReq
com/recipe/app/src/scrapPublic/ScrapPublicService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapPublic.ScrapPublicService
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipe/models/UserRecipe.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipe.models.UserRecipe
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/ReceiptService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.ReceiptService
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/FirebaseCloudMessageService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.FirebaseCloudMessageService
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/FridgeBasketRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.FridgeBasketRepository
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipeIngredient/models/UserRecipeIngredient.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipeIngredient.models.UserRecipeIngredient
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/models/PostFridgesDirectBasketReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.models.PostFridgesDirectBasketReq
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/ShelfLifeUser.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.ShelfLifeUser
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipe/models/PostMyRecipeReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipe.models.PostMyRecipeReq
com/recipe/app/src/buy/models/Buy.java
 com.recipe.app.src.buy.models.Buy
com/recipe/app/src/ingredient/models/GetIngredientsRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredient.models.GetIngredientsRes
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/models/PatchBuyList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.models.PatchBuyList
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/GetFridgesRecipeRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.GetFridgesRecipeRes
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/FridgeBasketService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.FridgeBasketService
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/PostFridgesReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.PostFridgesReq
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/models/GetFridgesBasketCountRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.models.GetFridgesBasketCountRes
com/recipe/app/src/viewBlog/models/PostViewBlogReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewBlog.models.PostViewBlogReq
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipe/models/GetMyRecipeRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipe.models.GetMyRecipeRes
com/recipe/app/src/viewPublic/models/ViewPublic.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewPublic.models.ViewPublic
com/recipe/app/src/user/models/PatchUserRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.user.models.PatchUserRes
com/recipe/app/config/BaseResponseStatus.java
 com.recipe.app.config.BaseResponseStatus
com/recipe/app/src/ingredient/IngredientProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredient.IngredientProvider
com/recipe/app/AppApplication.java
 com.recipe.app.AppApplication
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/FridgeRecipeList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.FridgeRecipeList
com/recipe/app/src/scrapPublic/models/ScrapPublic.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapPublic.models.ScrapPublic
com/recipe/app/src/scrapPublic/ScrapPublicController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapPublic.ScrapPublicController
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipe/models/MyRecipeIngredient.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipe.models.MyRecipeIngredient
com/recipe/app/src/viewYoutube/models/PostViewsYoutubeRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewYoutube.models.PostViewsYoutubeRes
com/recipe/app/src/viewBlog/ViewBlogRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewBlog.ViewBlogRepository
com/recipe/app/src/recipeInfo/RecipeInfoController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.RecipeInfoController
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipeIngredient/UserRecipeIngredientService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipeIngredient.UserRecipeIngredientService
com/recipe/app/src/recipeKeyword/models/RecipeKeyword.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeKeyword.models.RecipeKeyword
com/recipe/app/src/scrapPublic/models/PostScrapPublicReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapPublic.models.PostScrapPublicReq
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipePhoto/models/UserRecipePhoto.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipePhoto.models.UserRecipePhoto
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/IngredientList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.IngredientList
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/PatchFridgesIngredientReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.PatchFridgesIngredientReq
com/recipe/app/src/WebSecurityConfig.java
 com.recipe.app.src.WebSecurityConfig
com/recipe/app/src/recipeIngredient/RecipeIngredientProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeIngredient.RecipeIngredientProvider
com/recipe/app/src/viewYoutube/models/PostViewsYoutubeReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewYoutube.models.PostViewsYoutubeReq
com/recipe/app/src/ingredient/models/Ingredient.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredient.models.Ingredient
com/recipe/app/src/user/models/PatchUserReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.user.models.PatchUserReq
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipeIngredient/UserRecipeIngredientProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipeIngredient.UserRecipeIngredientProvider
com/recipe/app/src/scrapBlog/models/ScrapBlog.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapBlog.models.ScrapBlog
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipePhoto/UserRecipePhotoController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipePhoto.UserRecipePhotoController
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/GetFridgesRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.GetFridgesRes
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/FcmMessage.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.FcmMessage
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.FcmMessage$FcmMessageBuilder
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.FcmMessage$Message
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.FcmMessage$Message$MessageBuilder
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.FcmMessage$Notification
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.FcmMessage$Notification$NotificationBuilder
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipe/UserRecipeController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipe.UserRecipeController
com/recipe/app/src/ingredient/IngredientService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredient.IngredientService
com/recipe/app/src/recipeInfo/RecipeInfoService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.RecipeInfoService
com/recipe/app/config/BaseEntity.java
 com.recipe.app.config.BaseEntity
com/recipe/app/src/recipeProcess/RecipeProcessService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeProcess.RecipeProcessService
com/recipe/app/src/viewPublic/ViewPublicRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewPublic.ViewPublicRepository
com/recipe/app/src/scrapYoutube/ScrapYoutubeRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapYoutube.ScrapYoutubeRepository
com/recipe/app/src/viewBlog/models/ViewBlog.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewBlog.models.ViewBlog
com/recipe/app/src/user/models/MypageMyRecipeList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.user.models.MypageMyRecipeList
com/recipe/app/src/scrapYoutube/models/PostScrapYoutubeReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapYoutube.models.PostScrapYoutubeReq
com/recipe/app/src/scrapBlog/ScrapBlogService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapBlog.ScrapBlogService
com/recipe/app/src/user/UserRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.user.UserRepository
com/recipe/app/src/recipeInfo/models/BlogList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.models.BlogList
com/recipe/app/src/viewBlog/ViewBlogController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewBlog.ViewBlogController
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipeIngredient/UserRecipeIngredientController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipeIngredient.UserRecipeIngredientController
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/models/PostReceiptReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.models.PostReceiptReq
com/recipe/app/src/ingredientCategory/models/IngredientCategory.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredientCategory.models.IngredientCategory
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipeIngredient/UserRecipeIngredientRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipeIngredient.UserRecipeIngredientRepository
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/models/PostFridgesBasketReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.models.PostFridgesBasketReq
com/recipe/app/utils/AES128.java
 com.recipe.app.utils.AES128
com/recipe/app/src/recipeIngredient/RecipeIngredientController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeIngredient.RecipeIngredientController
com/recipe/app/src/scrapPublic/models/GetScrapPublicsRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapPublic.models.GetScrapPublicsRes
com/recipe/app/src/viewYoutube/ViewYoutubeService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewYoutube.ViewYoutubeService
com/recipe/app/src/recipeKeyword/RecipeKeywordProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeKeyword.RecipeKeywordProvider
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/models/FridgeBasketList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.models.FridgeBasketList
com/recipe/app/src/user/models/User.java
 com.recipe.app.src.user.models.User
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/FridgeBasketController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.FridgeBasketController
com/recipe/app/src/scrapYoutube/ScrapYoutubeController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapYoutube.ScrapYoutubeController
com/recipe/app/src/viewPublic/ViewPublicController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewPublic.ViewPublicController
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/PatchFridgesIngredientRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.PatchFridgesIngredientRes
com/recipe/app/src/recipeProcess/RecipeProcessController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeProcess.RecipeProcessController
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/PostFridgesRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.PostFridgesRes
com/recipe/app/src/scrapYoutube/models/GetScrapYoutubesRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapYoutube.models.GetScrapYoutubesRes
com/recipe/app/src/scrapBlog/models/GetScrapBlogsRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapBlog.models.GetScrapBlogsRes
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipe/UserRecipeProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipe.UserRecipeProvider
com/recipe/app/src/user/models/GetUserRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.user.models.GetUserRes
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/DeleteFridgesIngredientReq.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.DeleteFridgesIngredientReq
com/recipe/app/src/recipeInfo/models/GetRecipeInfoRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.models.GetRecipeInfoRes
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/models/FridgeBasket.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.models.FridgeBasket
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/RecipeList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.RecipeList
com/recipe/app/src/scrapYoutube/models/PostScrapYoutubeRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapYoutube.models.PostScrapYoutubeRes
com/recipe/app/src/user/models/PostUserRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.user.models.PostUserRes
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipe/models/PatchMyRecipeRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipe.models.PatchMyRecipeRes
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipe/UserRecipeService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipe.UserRecipeService
com/recipe/app/src/ingredientCategory/IngredientCategoryProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredientCategory.IngredientCategoryProvider
com/recipe/app/src/viewYoutube/models/ViewYoutube.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewYoutube.models.ViewYoutube
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/models/Fridge.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.models.Fridge
com/recipe/app/src/fridgeBasket/models/PostFridgesBasketRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridgeBasket.models.PostFridgesBasketRes
com/recipe/app/src/recipeProcess/RecipeProcessRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeProcess.RecipeProcessRepository
com/recipe/app/src/ingredientCategory/IngredientCategoryRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredientCategory.IngredientCategoryRepository
com/recipe/app/config/BaseResponse.java
 com.recipe.app.config.BaseResponse
com/recipe/app/src/ingredientCategory/IngredientCategoryService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredientCategory.IngredientCategoryService
com/recipe/app/src/ingredient/models/IngredientList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredient.models.IngredientList
com/recipe/app/utils/ValidationRegex.java
 com.recipe.app.utils.ValidationRegex
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/models/GetReceiptsRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.models.GetReceiptsRes
com/recipe/app/config/Constant.java
 com.recipe.app.config.Constant
com/recipe/app/src/scrapBlog/ScrapBlogProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapBlog.ScrapBlogProvider
com/recipe/app/src/user/UserProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.user.UserProvider
 com.recipe.app.src.user.UserProvider$1
com/recipe/app/src/scrapYoutube/ScrapYoutubeProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapYoutube.ScrapYoutubeProvider
com/recipe/app/src/buy/BuyRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.buy.BuyRepository
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/models/GetReceiptRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.models.GetReceiptRes
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/FridgeRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.FridgeRepository
com/recipe/app/src/receipt/models/PostBuyList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.receipt.models.PostBuyList
com/recipe/app/src/recipeIngredient/RecipeIngredientService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeIngredient.RecipeIngredientService
com/recipe/app/src/recipeInfo/RecipeInfoRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.RecipeInfoRepository
com/recipe/app/src/scrapYoutube/models/ScrapYoutube.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapYoutube.models.ScrapYoutube
com/recipe/app/src/recipeInfo/models/GetRecipeBlogsRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.models.GetRecipeBlogsRes
com/recipe/app/src/recipeIngredient/models/RecipeIngredient.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeIngredient.models.RecipeIngredient
com/recipe/app/utils/JwtService.java
 com.recipe.app.utils.JwtService
com/recipe/app/src/recipeInfo/models/RecipeProcessList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.recipeInfo.models.RecipeProcessList
com/recipe/app/config/secret/Secret.java
 com.recipe.app.config.secret.Secret
com/recipe/app/src/scrapPublic/ScrapPublicRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapPublic.ScrapPublicRepository
com/recipe/app/src/scrapBlog/ScrapBlogController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapBlog.ScrapBlogController
com/recipe/app/src/user/UserController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.user.UserController
com/recipe/app/src/scrapPublic/models/ScrapPublicList.java
 com.recipe.app.src.scrapPublic.models.ScrapPublicList
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipe/UserRecipeRepository.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipe.UserRecipeRepository
com/recipe/app/src/ingredient/IngredientController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.ingredient.IngredientController
com/recipe/app/src/userRecipe/models/GetMyRecipesRes.java
 com.recipe.app.src.userRecipe.models.GetMyRecipesRes
com/recipe/app/src/viewBlog/ViewBlogService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.viewBlog.ViewBlogService
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/FridgeService.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.FridgeService
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/FridgeController.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.FridgeController
com/recipe/app/src/fridge/FridgeProvider.java
 com.recipe.app.src.fridge.FridgeProvider
